README.md, before:

# v-super-select

[![GNU 3 License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/wpatter6/v-super-select.svg?color=yellowgreen)](https://github.com/wpatter6/v-super-select/blob/master/LICENSE)

An accessible and customizable select/drop down component that features searching and grouping.

- [Try out the demo sandbox here](https://codesandbox.io/s/v-super-select-demo-8542r)

## Props

<!-- @vuese:VSuperSelect:props:start -->

| Name              | Description                                                                                   | Type      | Required | Default             |
| ----------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------- | -------- | ------------------- |
| label             | The label of the dropdown field.                                                              | `String`  | `false`  | -                   |
| name              | The label of the text input.                                                                  | `String`  | `false`  | -                   |
| value             | For v-model binding to selected value.                                                        | `String`  | `false`  | -                   |
| items             | Data items to display in the drop down.                                                       | `Array`   | `false`  | -                   |
| placeholder       | Placeholder text to display when no value is selected.                                        | `String`  | `false`  | 'Select an Item...' |
| autocomplete      | Value for autocomplete of input tag.                                                          | `String`  | `false`  | 'nope'              |
| groupNameField    | Property of the top level item that indicates the name of the group.                          | `String`  | `false`  | 'groupName'         |
| childrenField     | Property of the top level item that contains child items of a group.                          | `String`  | `false`  | 'items'             |
| valueField        | Property of the item that contains its value.                                                 | `String`  | `false`  | 'value'             |
| textField         | Property of the item that contains its text to display.                                       | `String`  | `false`  | 'text'              |
| iconUrlField      | Property of the item that contains the icon url.                                              | `String`  | `false`  | 'iconUrl'           |
| iconClassField    | Property of the item that contains the icon class.                                            | `String`  | `false`  | 'iconClass'         |
| showValue         | Indicates if the value of each item should be shown on the right side of the item.            | `Boolean` | `false`  | true                |
| noneFoundText     | Text to display when no items are found.                                                      | `String`  | `false`  | 'No Results Found'  |
| itemHeight        | Height in pixels of each individual item                                                      | `Number`  | `false`  | 40                  |
| inputHeight       | Css height of the textbox container                                                           | `String`  | `false`  | '52px'              |
| inputWidth        | Css width of the textbox container                                                            | `String`  | `false`  | '185px'             |
| dropDownMaxHeight | Css max height of dropdown. Will default to calculated bottom of textbox to bottom of window. | `String`  | `false`  | -                   |

<!-- @vuese:VSuperSelect:props:end -->

## Events

<!-- @vuese:VSuperSelect:events:start -->

| Event Name | Description                       | Parameters         |
| ---------- | --------------------------------- | ------------------ |
| input      | For v-model binding               | The selected value |
| change     | -                                 | The selected value |
| opened     | Fired when the dropdown is opened | -                  |
| closed     | Fired when the dropdown is closed | -                  |
| keyup      | Keyup event from filter input     | -                  |
| keypress   | Keypress event from filter input  | -                  |
| keydown    | Keydown event from filter input   | -                  |

<!-- @vuese:VSuperSelect:events:end -->

## Slots

<!-- @vuese:VSuperSelect:slots:start -->

| Name       | Description                                                                                            |
| ---------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| label      | Use to format label                                                                                    |
| item       | Use to format your list items however you like. Use `item.$html` to show bolded search values.         |
| group-item | Use to format your grouped list items however you like. Use `item.$html` to show bolded search values. |
| default    | Add items the old way with option tags, ex: &lt;option value="1"&gt;Item 1&lt;/option&gt;              |

<!-- @vuese:VSuperSelect:slots:end -->

## Methods

<!-- @vuese:VSuperSelect:methods:start -->

| Method         | Description                     | Parameters         |
| -------------- | ------------------------------- | ------------------ |
| selectItem     | Used to select an item.         | The item to select |
| clearSelection | Clears the drop down selection. | -                  |
| hideDropdown   | Used to hide the dropdown       | -                  |
| showDropdown   | Used to show the dropdown       | -                  |

<!-- @vuese:VSuperSelect:methods:end -->

Commit message:

Add virtual scrolling, adjust slots

README.md, after:

# v-super-select

[![GNU 3 License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/wpatter6/v-super-select.svg?color=yellowgreen)](https://github.com/wpatter6/v-super-select/blob/master/LICENSE)

An accessible and customizable select/drop down component that features searching, grouping, and virtual scrolling.

- [Try out the demo sandbox here](https://codesandbox.io/s/v-super-select-demo-8542r)

## Props

<!-- @vuese:VSuperSelect:props:start -->

| Name              | Description                                                                                   | Type      | Required | Default             |
| ----------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------- | -------- | ------------------- |
| label             | The label of the dropdown field.                                                              | `String`  | `false`  | -                   |
| name              | The label of the text input.                                                                  | `String`  | `false`  | -                   |
| value             | For v-model binding to selected value.                                                        | `String`  | `false`  | -                   |
| items             | Data items to display in the drop down.                                                       | `Array`   | `false`  | -                   |
| placeholder       | Placeholder text to display when no value is selected.                                        | `String`  | `false`  | 'Select an Item...' |
| autocomplete      | Value for autocomplete of input tag.                                                          | `String`  | `false`  | 'nope'              |
| groupNameField    | Property of the top level item that indicates the name of the group.                          | `String`  | `false`  | 'groupName'         |
| childrenField     | Property of the top level item that contains child items of a group.                          | `String`  | `false`  | 'items'             |
| valueField        | Property of the item that contains its value.                                                 | `String`  | `false`  | 'value'             |
| textField         | Property of the item that contains its text to display.                                       | `String`  | `false`  | 'text'              |
| iconUrlField      | Property of the item that contains the icon url.                                              | `String`  | `false`  | 'iconUrl'           |
| iconClassField    | Property of the item that contains the icon class.                                            | `String`  | `false`  | 'iconClass'         |
| showValue         | Indicates if the value of each item should be shown on the right side of the item.            | `Boolean` | `false`  | true                |
| noneFoundText     | Text to display when no items are found.                                                      | `String`  | `false`  | 'No Results Found'  |
| itemHeight        | Height in pixels of each individual item                                                      | `Number`  | `false`  | 40                  |
| inputHeight       | Css height of the textbox container                                                           | `String`  | `false`  | '52px'              |
| inputWidth        | Css width of the textbox container                                                            | `String`  | `false`  | '185px'             |
| dropDownMaxHeight | Css max height of dropdown. Will default to calculated bottom of textbox to bottom of window. | `String`  | `false`  | -                   |

<!-- @vuese:VSuperSelect:props:end -->

## Events

<!-- @vuese:VSuperSelect:events:start -->

| Event Name           | Description                       | Parameters              |
| -------------------- | --------------------------------- | ----------------------- |
| input                | For v-model binding               | The selected item       |
| change               | -                                 | The selected item       |
| selectedIndexChanged | -                                 | The selected item index |
| opened               | Fired when the dropdown is opened | -                       |
| closed               | Fired when the dropdown is closed | -                       |
| keyup                | Keyup event from filter input     | -                       |
| keypress             | Keypress event from filter input  | -                       |
| keydown              | Keydown event from filter input   | -                       |

<!-- @vuese:VSuperSelect:events:end -->

## Slots

<!-- @vuese:VSuperSelect:slots:start -->

| Name       | Description                                                                                    | Scope Variables |
| ---------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------- |
| label      | Use to format label                                                                            | label           |
| item       | Use to format your list items however you like. Use `item.$html` to show bolded search values. | item            |
| group      | Use to format your group header list items however you like.                                   | group           |
| none-found | Use to format your 'none found' item however you like.                                         | text            |
| default    | Add items the old way with option tags, ex: &lt;option value="1"&gt;Item 1&lt;/option&gt;      | -               |

<!-- @vuese:VSuperSelect:slots:end -->

## Methods

<!-- @vuese:VSuperSelect:methods:start -->

| Method         | Description                     | Parameters         |
| -------------- | ------------------------------- | ------------------ |
| selectItem     | Used to select an item.         | The item to select |
| clearSelection | Clears the drop down selection. | -                  |
| hideDropdown   | Used to hide the dropdown       | -                  |
| showDropdown   | Used to show the dropdown       | -                  |

<!-- @vuese:VSuperSelect:methods:end -->
